frontend/appflowy_flutter/README.md, before:

<h1 align="center" style="margin:0"> AppFlowy_Flutter</h1>
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-v3.13.19-blue"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-v1.70-orange"/>
</div>

> Documentation for Contributors

This Repository contains the codebase for the frontend of the application, currently we use Flutter as our frontend framework.

### Platforms Supported Using Flutter 💻

- Linux
- macOS
- Windows
  > We are actively working on support for Android & iOS!

_Additionally, we are working on a Web version built with Tauri!_

### Am I Eligible to Contribute?

Yes! You are eligible to contribute, check out the ways in which you can [contribute to AppFlowy](https://docs.appflowy.io/docs/documentation/software-contributions/contributing-to-appflowy). Some of the ways in which you can contribute are:

- Non-Coding Contributions
  - Documentation
  - Feature Requests and Feedbacks
  - Report Bugs
  - Improve Translations
- Coding Contributions

To contribute to `AppFlowy_Flutter` codebase specifically (coding contribution) we suggest you to have basic knowledge of Flutter. In case you are new to Flutter, we suggest you learn the basics, and then contribute afterwards. To get started with Flutter read [here](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/codelab).

### What OS should I use for development?

We support all OS for Development i.e. Linux, MacOS and Windows. However, most of us promote macOS and Linux over Windows. We have detailed [docs](https://docs.appflowy.io/docs/documentation/appflowy/from-source/environment-setup) on how to setup `AppFlowy_Flutter` on your local system respectively per operating system.

### Getting Started ❇

We have detailed documentation on how to [get started](https://docs.appflowy.io/docs/documentation/software-contributions/contributing-to-appflowy) with the project, and make your first contribution. However, we do have some specific picks for you:

- [Code Architecture](https://appflowy.gitbook.io/docs/essential-documentation/contribute-to-appflowy/architecture/frontend/frontend/codemap)
- [Styleguide & Conventions](https://docs.appflowy.io/docs/documentation/software-contributions/conventions/naming-conventions)
- [Making Your First PR](https://docs.appflowy.io/docs/documentation/software-contributions/submitting-code/submitting-your-first-pull-request)
- [All AppFlowy Documentation](https://docs.appflowy.io/docs/documentation/appflowy) - Contribution guide, build and run, debugging, testing, localization, etc.

### Need Help?

- New to GitHub? Follow [these](https://docs.appflowy.io/docs/documentation/software-contributions/submitting-code/setting-up-your-repositories) steps to get started
- Stuck Somewhere? Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/9Q2xaN37tV), we're there to help you!
- Find out more about the [community initiatives](https://docs.appflowy.io/docs/appflowy/community).

Commit message:

fix: Address code review feedback
- Remove .history folders from commit
- Fix 'macOS' spelling (was 'MacOS')
- Add armeabi-v7a target to Windows Android build scripts for ABI parity
- Remove duplicated Android setup instructions, reference dedicated guide instead
- Remove unrelated Android app files from commit scope

Addresses feedback from PR #8163

frontend/appflowy_flutter/README.md, after:

<h1 align="center" style="margin:0"> AppFlowy_Flutter</h1>
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-v3.13.19-blue"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-v1.70-orange"/>
</div>

> Documentation for Contributors

This Repository contains the codebase for the frontend of the application, currently we use Flutter as our frontend framework.

### Platforms Supported Using Flutter 💻

- Linux
- macOS
- Windows
  > We are actively working on support for Android & iOS!

_Additionally, we are working on a Web version built with Tauri!_

### Am I Eligible to Contribute?

Yes! You are eligible to contribute, check out the ways in which you can [contribute to AppFlowy](https://docs.appflowy.io/docs/documentation/software-contributions/contributing-to-appflowy). Some of the ways in which you can contribute are:

- Non-Coding Contributions
  - Documentation
  - Feature Requests and Feedbacks
  - Report Bugs
  - Improve Translations
- Coding Contributions

To contribute to `AppFlowy_Flutter` codebase specifically (coding contribution) we suggest you to have basic knowledge of Flutter. In case you are new to Flutter, we suggest you learn the basics, and then contribute afterwards. To get started with Flutter read [here](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/codelab).

### What OS should I use for development?

We support all OS for Development i.e. Linux, macOS and Windows. We have detailed documentation on how to setup `AppFlowy_Flutter` on your local system for each operating system:

- [Build from Source Guide](../../doc/BUILD_FROM_SOURCE.md) - Comprehensive setup instructions for all platforms
- [Android-specific Guide](android/README.md) - Detailed Android build instructions including Windows support
- [Online Documentation](https://docs.appflowy.io/docs/documentation/appflowy/from-source/environment-setup) - Additional setup resources

### Getting Started ❇

We have detailed documentation on how to [get started](https://docs.appflowy.io/docs/documentation/software-contributions/contributing-to-appflowy) with the project, and make your first contribution. However, we do have some specific picks for you:

- [Code Architecture](https://appflowy.gitbook.io/docs/essential-documentation/contribute-to-appflowy/architecture/frontend/frontend/codemap)
- [Styleguide & Conventions](https://docs.appflowy.io/docs/documentation/software-contributions/conventions/naming-conventions)
- [Making Your First PR](https://docs.appflowy.io/docs/documentation/software-contributions/submitting-code/submitting-your-first-pull-request)
- [All AppFlowy Documentation](https://docs.appflowy.io/docs/documentation/appflowy) - Contribution guide, build and run, debugging, testing, localization, etc.

### Need Help?

- New to GitHub? Follow [these](https://docs.appflowy.io/docs/documentation/software-contributions/submitting-code/setting-up-your-repositories) steps to get started
- Stuck Somewhere? Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/9Q2xaN37tV), we're there to help you!
- Find out more about the [community initiatives](https://docs.appflowy.io/docs/appflowy/community).
